Edits to Complexity sprint 1 (#1428)
CodeYourFuture/curriculum: common-content/en/module/complexity/worked-example-duplicate-encoder/index.md

+++
title = "Worked example: Duplicate Encoder"
time = 90
emoji = "🧰"
[build]
  render = "never"
  list = "local"
  publishResources = false
objectives = [
    "Analyse the time complexity of a function.",
    "Compare two algorithms for solving the same problem in terms of complexity.",
    "Identify that speed isn't the only factor in choosing the best code.",
]
+++

Let's consider two possible approaches to [the Duplicate Encoder Codewars exercise](https://www.codewars.com/kata/54b42f9314d9229fd6000d9c/train/javascript).

The problem can be stated as:

{{<note type="exercise">}}

> The goal of this exercise is to convert a string to a new string where each character in the new string is `(` if that character appears only once in the original string, or `)` if that character appears more than once in the original string. Ignore capitalization when determining if a character is a duplicate.

Reviewer: This sentence is insanely long
```suggestion
The goal of this exercise is to convert a string to a new string where, for each character:

1. if the original character appears only once, replace with `(``
1. if the original character appears more than once, replace with `)` 

Ignore capitalisation when deciding if a character is a duplicate.
```

Author: Yeah, this was me literally copy+pasting the text from Codewars - I've just rewritten to not reference Codewars :)
